gh-112636: remove check for float subclasses without nb_float (#112637)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C_API/2024-10-01-14-53-55.gh-issue-112636.t4WJjC.rst

:c:func:`PyNumber_Float` doesn't fallback anymore to

> ``PyFloat_FromDouble(PyFloat_AS_DOUBLE)`` if a :class:`float` subtype reset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``PyFloat_FromDouble(PyFloat_AS_DOUBLE(obj))`` if a :class:`float` subtype resets
```

:c:member:`~PyNumberMethods.nb_float` to ``NULL``.  A :exc:`TypeError`

> exception raised instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exception is raised instead.
```
